many has just unveiled its new
generation of cooper and cooper s here
at the 2013 LA Auto Show now I know what
you're thinking that looks pretty much
like every other Mini Cooper we've ever
seen and you're right except it's bigger
to be exact it's four and a half inches
longer one point seven inches wider and
point three inches taller there's also
three extra cubic feet of storage space
in the boot but let's go back to the
outside most of it looks the same except
you get these swept-back headlights of
course like i said it's longer and in
person it really does feel like it's
been inflated quite a bit and there's
more under the hood both the cooper and
the cooper s get new engines in the
Cooper's case it's a 1.5 litre
turbocharged three-cylinder with 134
horsepower and 162 pound-feet of torque
the Cooper S comes with a turbo four but
again it's a new unit this time around
it makes 189 horsepower and 270
regardless of which you choose both
engines offer improvements over the
previous generation you'll still be able
to choose between a six-speed automatic
or my personal favorite the six-speed
manual and the cabin stylistically
speaking will feel very familiar to
people who spent time in mini cooper
products recently only it's more
ergonomic because they've done something
we've been begging for forever it feels
like they've moved the window controls
to the doors I mean come on that's a
no-brainer oh and also you don't have to
push the key into the dash anymore to
start the car previous models gave you
an optional sport button and in this
case mini is going for more variety
you'll be able to stiffen up the
suspension the steering feel an alter
the exhaust sound but there are also
modes aimed at greener driving to save
fuel mini hasn't said anything about
pricing just yet but the car will go on
sale in March so that information can't
be terribly far away
you